 Brain Client Selection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔗 Using Google Sheets as data source
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔄 Fetching fresh data from Google Sheets...
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Google Sheets API call: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
musikk-meta/icon-192.png:1  Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 ()Understand this error
musikk-meta/:1 Error while trying to use the following icon from the Manifest: https://elzacka.github.io/musikk-meta/icon-192.png (Download error or resource isn't a valid image)Understand this error
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 📊 Google Sheets response: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 📋 Loaded 516 tracks from Google Sheets
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Loaded 516 tracks from Google Sheets
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎵 Loaded 516 tracks from data source
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Searching for "madonna" in 516 tracks
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎵 Sample tracks: Array(3)
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎯 Found 2 matches for "madonna"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Found 2 tracks for "madonna"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Searching for "su" in 516 tracks
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎵 Sample tracks: Array(3)
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎯 Found 36 matches for "su"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Found 36 tracks for "su"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Searching for "sugababes" in 516 tracks
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎵 Sample tracks: Array(3)
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎯 Found 1 matches for "sugababes"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Found 1 tracks for "sugababes"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Searching for "sugababes" in 516 tracks
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎵 Sample tracks: Array(3)
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎯 Found 1 matches for "sugababes"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Found 1 tracks for "sugababes"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔄 Fetching fresh data from Google Sheets...
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Google Sheets API call: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 📊 Google Sheets response: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 📋 Loaded 516 tracks from Google Sheets
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Loaded 516 tracks from Google Sheets
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Searching for "sugababes" in 516 tracks
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎵 Sample tracks: Array(3)
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 ✅ Match found: Object
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🎯 Found 1 matches for "sugababes"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🔍 Found 1 tracks for "sugababes"
index-CGr2CTT3.js:33 🌍 Environment Detection: Object